Added some notes about k8s-gubernator/triage (#4939)
kubernetes/community: contributors/devel/sig-testing/flaky-tests.md

- [go.k8s.io/triage] - an interactive test failure report providing filtering and drill-down by job name, test name, failure text for failures in the last two weeks
  - https://storage.googleapis.com/k8s-gubernator/triage/index.html?pr=1&job=pull-kubernetes-e2e-gce%24 - all failures that happened in the `pull-kubernetes-e2e-gce` job
  - https://storage.googleapis.com/k8s-gubernator/triage/index.html?text=timed%20out - all failures containing the text `timed out`

>   - ~~https://storage.googleapis.com/k8s-gubernator/triage/index.html?test=%5C%5Bsig-apps%5C%5D - all failures that happened in tests with `[sig-apps]` in their name~~ (broken now, may be restored later)

Reviewer: this works as described
```suggestion
  - https://storage.googleapis.com/k8s-gubernator/triage/index.html?test=%5C%5Bsig-apps%5C%5D - all failures that happened in tests with `[sig-apps]` in their name
```

>   - this web page presents output from a periodic batch job, so does not have the very latest data.  Look for the line that says something like `3 clusters of 114 failures (3 in last day) out of 168104 builds from 6/28/2020, 8:00:16 PM to 7/13/2020, 3:20:44 PM` to see the range of times last analyzed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - this web page presents output from a [periodic batch job](https://testgrid.k8s.io/sig-testing-misc#triage&graph-metrics=test-duration-minutes), so may not have the very latest data.  Look for the line that says something like `3 clusters of 114 failures (3 in last day) out of 168104 builds from 6/28/2020, 8:00:16 PM to 7/13/2020, 3:20:44 PM` to see the range of times last analyzed
```
